Notebook LM plus anti-gravity is insane.
Here is everything you need to know.
Google just dropped something that
nobody is talking about yet. It turns
your notes, your PDFs, your research
into a fully working app. No coding, no
hiring a developer, no waiting. And the
best part, it takes less than 10
minutes. This is the most powerful no
code combo I have ever seen. And today I
am going to show you exactly how it
works. So first, what even is this
combo? You've got two tools. Notebookm
and anti-gravity. Notebookm is Google's
AI research tool. Think of it as your
brain. You feed it your notes, your
PDFs, your data, and it turns all of
that into a smart knowledge base powered
by Gemini AI. You can ask it questions,
pull out tables, get outlines. It knows
your content inside and out. Then you
have got anti-gravity. That is the
hands. It is a no code ID, meaning you
can build apps, websites, generate
images, make videos, create podcasts,
all just by typing what you want in
plain English. [music] No code required.
None. Put those two things together and
something wild happens. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment. So, make sure you comment
below. You're now building real working
products from your own research data,
right? Using nothing but natural
language prompts. That is not normal.
That is next level. Let me show you what
I mean with a real example. Say I am
building a new landing page for the AI
profit boardroom. That is our AI
automation community where we help
business owners save hundreds of hours,
get more customers, and scale faster
using AI tools. Before this combo
existed, I would have to write a brief,
pass it to a developer, wait a few days,
get a draft back, go back and forth five
times. With Notebook LM plus
anti-gravity, here's what I do instead.
I upload my research and notes into
Notebook LM. Everything about the AI
profit boardroom, the benefits, the
community, the use cases, the results,
the reasons someone should join. I throw
all of that in there. Notebook LM
digests it. It becomes a smart knowledge
base. It knows everything about my
offer. If you want to learn how to use
AI automation tools like Notebook LM and
anti-gravity to grow your business, get
more customers, and save massive amounts
of time, the AI profit boardroom is
where that happens. The link is in the
comment and description. Then I jump
into anti-gravity and I type something
like this. Use my notebook LM data to
design a high converting landing page
for the AI profit boardroom. It should
explain all the benefits of AI
automation for business owners. show why
the community is the best place to scale
and make it easy for new members to sign
up. And anti-gravity builds it using my
data accurately in context, not some
generic template it pulled from nowhere,
an actual page based on what I told it.
That is contextaware creation. And it
changes everything about how you build
stuff online. Now, here is where the
open loop kicks in cuz most people stop
there. They think, "Okay, cool. I made a
landing page." But what you can actually
do with this combo goes way way deeper
than a landing page. I will get to that
in a second. But first, let me explain
why this is different from just using
chat GPT or Claude to write your website
copy. When you use a standard AI
chatbot, it knows nothing about your
business. You have to explain everything
from scratch every single time. And even
then, it guesses. It makes stuff up. It
hallucinates details. You have to fact
check everything. Notebook LM changes
that because your data is the source.
The AI is not guessing. It is pulling
directly from what you actually
uploaded. Tables, outlines, structured
data, real information. So when
anti-gravity builds something from that
data, it is accurate. It reflects your
actual offer, your actual business, not
some AI fantasy version of it. That is a
huge deal, especially if you are running
a business where trust and accuracy
matter. All right. So now let me show
you the other things you can build with
this combo because this is where it gets
crazy.
Imagine you are running the AI profit
boardroom. You want to onboard new
members. Usually you would need to
create a whole welcome video, a written
guide, maybe a podcast episode
explaining how the community works. With
Notebook LM plus anti-gravity, you
upload your onboarding notes and
community guidelines into Notebook LM.
Then in anti-gravity, you say, "Create a
welcome podcast episode for new AI
profit boardroom members. Cover the top
five things they should do first, how to
get the most out of the community and
why AI automation is the biggest
opportunity for business owners right
now. It generates a podcast from your
data ready to publish or let's say you
want to create a lead magnet, a free PDF
guide that attracts new members to the
AI profit boardroom. You feed your
research into notebookm. Then you tell
anti-gravity. Create a downloadable PDF
guide called the AI automation playbook
for business owners. Use my research
data. Include an introduction, five keyi
tools every business owner needs, and a
call to action to join the AI profit
boardroom. Done. Professional on brand
built from your actual content. You see
the pattern here. You are not starting
from scratch every time. You are
building a content engine.
Your research goes in once and
everything comes out on the other side.
Now, let me talk about something most
people miss. The structured data piece.
This is one of the most powerful things
Notebook LM does. When it processes your
content, it does not just read it. It
organizes it. Tables, outlines, key
points structured so that anti-gravity
can actually use it properly. This
matters because most AI tools fall apart
when you give them messy information.
They get confused. They produce
inconsistent results. But when Notebook
LM structures your data first,
anti-gravity knows exactly what to do
with it. The output is cleaner, more
accurate, more professional. It is like
the difference between handing a builder
a messy pile of bricks versus giving
them a full architectural plan,
materials list, and timeline. Same raw
material, very different result. Now,
here is the other open loop I want to
close out. What does this actually mean
for your business? Because let me be
real with you. AI tools are everywhere
right now. Everyone is talking about
this tool. That tool, but the ones that
actually move the needle are the ones
that save you real time and help you
create real things. Notebook LM Plus
Anti-gravity does both. Think about what
it costs to hire a developer, a
copywriter, a video editor, a podcast
producer just for one project, for one
landing page, one guide, one piece of
content. Now, think about being able to
do all of that yourself in an afternoon
using your own research. That is what
this combo unlocks. And for anyone
running an online business, a community,
an agency, the impact of that is
massive. Okay, let me give you the quick
breakdown so you can get started today.
Step one, go to Notebook LM, upload your
content. This could be PDFs, notes,
research documents, SOPs, anything that
is relevant to what you want to build.
Let Notebook LM process it into a
knowledge base. Step two, go to
anti-gravity, connect or reference your
Notebook LM data. Step three, tell
anti-gravity in plain English what you
want to create. A landing page, a
podcast, a guide, a video script, and
app. Be specific about your goal, your
audience, and what you want it to do.
Step four, review the output. Because
even with structured data, you always
want to check the final result before
publishing anything. Step five, iterate.
The more specific your prompts, the
better the output gets. Treat it like a
conversation, not a oneshot command.
That is it. Five steps, no code, no
developer. And honestly, this is just
the beginning of what is possible with
this combo. Google is going to keep
building on this. Anti-gravity is going
to keep expanding. The workflows that
seem advanced today are going to feel
basic in 6 months. So, get in early.
Learn the tools now. Build the habit now
because the people who figure this out
first are the ones who are going to have
a massive advantage over everyone who
waits. Now, if you want to dive even
deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI profit
boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Notebook LM and
anti-gravity. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
45,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. The link is in the comments and
description.